[gitbook] update links (#94)
pyth-network/pyth-gitbook: pythnet-price-feeds/price-service.md

# Price Service

> The [price service](https://github.com/pyth-network/pyth-crosschain/tree/main/price-service) is a webservice that listens to the Wormhole Network for Pyth price updates and serves them via a convenient web API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [price service][price-service-repo] is a webservice that listens to the Wormhole Network for Pyth price updates and serves them via a convenient web API.
```

For production deployments, developers integrating with Pyth Network are **strongly encouraged** to host their own instance of the price service for maximum resilience and decentralization.
By running an independent instance of this service, developers tap directly into Wormhole's peer-to-peer network to stream Pyth price updates.
This peer-to-peer network has built-in redundancy and is therefore inherently more reliable than a centralized service operated by the PDA.

> Please find more information about building and running the price service from [here](https://github.com/pyth-network/pyth-crosschain/blob/main/price-service/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please find more information about building and running the price service from [here][price-service-repo].
```
